refactore(hosting): Rework docker testing infra (#13136)
Scille/parsec-cloud: docs/hosting/deployment/server-deploy.rst

- :ref:`Container-Based deployment <doc_hosting_deployment_with_docker>`
- :ref:`Direct installation on Linux server <doc_hosting_deployment_with_linux>`

> TL,DR - Quick deploy with docker

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
TL;DR - Quick deploy with Docker
```

================================

We provide a detailed explanation of the required configuration below.

> But if you just want to deploy locally a parsec server you can do the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But if you just want to deploy a Parsec server locally you can do it with the following commands:
```

In this guide, the environment variables are stored into multiple files in order to
better describe how to configure each component.

.. _creating_secrets:

Creating the secrets
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The deployment of the services require the use of some secret values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploying the services requires certain secret values:
```

- An administration token for admin operations on the server.

> - A random seed for *parsec-account* for non-existing accounts.

Reviewer: Parsec Account is not yet available, this should be commented or excluded from docs.

Author: It's still required by the server

Reviewer: Still, since it is not used, it would be better to use some dummy value and avoid mentioning here.

Or, alternatively, something like:

```suggestion
- A random seed for *parsec-account* (this is an unfinished feature, the seed is not being used but it is still required by the server)
```

> - Access credential for the object-storage service ``rustfs`` used in the ``docker-compose`` stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Access credential for ``rustfs``, which is the object-storage service used in the ``docker-compose`` stack.
```

> For that, we provide a simple scripts that generate such secrets and save them locally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For that, we provide a simple script that generate these secrets and save them locally:
```

     :language: bash
     :linenos:

.. note::

   The env file re-use environment variables defined in ``rustfs.env`` and ``secrets/rustfs.env`` (cf: :ref:`Creating the secrets <creating_secrets>`).

>    Those variables are used to configured the ``rustfs`` service that provide the S3-like API when using the ``docker-compose`` approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Those variables are used to configured the ``rustfs`` service that provide the object-storage API when using the ``docker-compose`` approach.
```

It will setup 4 services:

+--------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Service name | Description                                                                       |

Reviewer: Just curious: why not keeping the `parsec` prefix? Aren't these services exposed "globally" in Docker? If so, better to be able to tell them apart from other non-Parsec services.

Author: - Shorter to writen when chaining docker compose commands
- We set `container_name` in the compose file (otherwise docker compose default to `{base_dir}_{service}`)
